Blood circulation today
The judge will become the Chujia Republic
The Chu family will pour all their resources into it
Help them become Chinese investors
The Chu family to which it belongs
It will surely become natural
The heir to the next head of the Chu family
What's wrong, Miss?
Although he is a king with great talent
But he was so young.
The other competitors are older than him
Practice martial arts longer
This assessment is so unfair to us.
Why are you so scared?
If you are afraid, just quit obediently and Long Wei is the master
In this way, our Chu family has one more blessing.
My marriage is up to me
Don't worry about the heart of an adult
Can I get rid of the big eater?
The fate of becoming a family sacrifice
It's all up to you
Wrap it up on me
Even fools can become innate warriors
Ridiculous
I'll kill this fool in a while
Let you know
Not everyone can become a born dancer
Hard work selection first strength test
The baseline strength of a congenital dancer is 5,0 kilograms
Less than 5,0 kg
eliminated
Use your best martial arts to attack the target
Weapon unremitting
move unremitting
Limited to one opportunity per student
Let you experience the unique skills of the Tang Sect
Golden Snake Bonus
Tang San, Li Wanjun is good
Yunhai, it's your turn
Wang Xi, seven thousand gold
fair
Mingxi
It's your turn.
Big eater, please
I promise you whatever you want to eat when you come down